---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/daily-activity-log/2025-02-february-28/","noteIcon":"","created":"2025-05-20T10:31:54.299-05:00"}
---

Date: [[-Daily Activity Log-/2025 02-February 28\|2025 02-February 28]]
Yesterday: [[-Daily Activity Log-/2025 02-February 27\|2025 02-February 27]]

Friday.

- [x] Discuss with [[People/Gladys Nakayama\|Gladys Nakayama]] and [[People/Stacy Bullard\|Stacy Bullard]] the opportunity for better communication with third shift operators and between operators and the rest of the plant, so that operators know what is going on. My initial prescription in Microsoft OneNote.
	- [x] Co-Pilot: Hi, let's getready to rumble My organization uses microsoft 365. We all have access to OneDrive. I want to know the the best way to make a OneNote notebook accessible by everyone in my organization, both for read only and also for shared write privileges.:
	- [x] [Using OneNote for collaborative note-taking – Microsoft 365](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365-life-hacks/organization/using-onenote-for-collaborative-note-taking?form=MG0AV3)
	- [x] Co-Pilot: [[Information Heap/OneNote collaboration\|OneNote collaboration]]
	- [x] Set meeting with [[People/Matthew East\|Matthew East]] etc for 3:30 p, on Monday: https://teams.microsoft.com/l/meetup-join/19%3ameeting_Yjc0YTAyNzktNWVmNi00ODkxLWE0MzQtZTk4MzllZjE2NmMz%40thread.v2/0?context=%7b%22Tid%22%3a%2241647561-6537-4423-96a9-859e89f8919f%22%2c%22Oid%22%3a%228c621067-9f28-4535-b98f-2f145201eaf3%22%7d
- [x] The morning meeting hosted by [[People/Chris Luss\|Chris Luss]] is awesome.
- [x] Visit the lagoons with [[People/Stacy Bullard\|Stacy Bullard]]
- [x] Visit the machine shop, as per discussion with [[People/Kim Crawford\|Kim Crawford]]. Develop design for bracket.
- [x] Hang out with Henry
- [x] Approach the microphone and speaker problem for [[People/Chris Luss\|Chris Luss]] in the conference room.
- [x] Design handle plan for ipad for operators. Ipad password is 123456: 
- [ ] [[Assignments/Make ipad handle\|Make ipad handle]]
- [x] Story time with Mike: City Hall used to be a dumping ground
- [ ]  [[Assignments/Optimize and automate transcription workflow\|Optimize and automate transcription workflow]] 