---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/daily-activity-log/2025-08-august-07/","noteIcon":"","created":"2025-08-07T11:26:27.369-05:00"}
---

Date: [[-Daily Activity Log-/2025 08-August 07\|2025 08-August 07]]

# Directions to send my brain
- [[Software/mulch\|mulch]]
	- WorkspaceFactory should be split into two classes: 
		- one) for generating the WorkspaceManager class when `mulch init` if run, and 
		- two) for generating a workspace directory in the `workspaces` directory using `mulch workspace -n myspecialname`
		- Why? WorkspaceFactory.init() includes name and stealth flags which are no longer relevant now that `mulch init` and `mulch workspace` have been split into two commands from the former version of `mulch init`
	- The TOML scaffold is loading incorrectly. 
	- [[dev/mulch/mulch refactor hell, Aug 7\|mulch refactor hell, Aug 7]]
- [[Software/pipeline\|pipeline]]
	- Implement port forwarding for the 43084 (EDS REST API) port on Stiles EDS server
	- Work on the MariaDB fallback?
- [[Software/Pavlov 3D\|Pavlov 3D]]
	- Memory addresses of curve instances loaded into hierarchy_object disagree with those generate by the import plugin.
	- Function design improvement.
- Ovation
	- Practice the graphics builder and note what all the buttons in GBNT do.
	- Send [[People/Pete Gabor\|Pete Gabor]] an export of the points.
	- Continue to flesh out [[Software/Emerson Ovation/Manuals Analysis/queries\|queries]] and manual records
	- [x] Schedule Friday training, 12-3.
- Hach WIMS and central databasing
	- Naming discussion with [[People/Henry Nakayama\|Henry Nakayama]], concerning how to aggregate all various forms of names.
- Lab work
	- [ ] Read Mike's email for next steps: `daily COD spot checking at Maxson disinfection`
- Animations
	- Find diverter valve drawings
	- Start learning [[Software/Three.js\|Three.js]]
- Expense report
	- Use email from [[People/Derek McElroy\|Derek McElroy]] to find the fillable expense report document.
- AI Analysis and cost comparison
- Cloudflare site registration
	