---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/daily-activity-log/2025-06-june-30/","noteIcon":"","created":"2025-06-30T13:02:13.660-05:00"}
---

Date: [[-Daily Activity Log-/2025 06-June 30\|2025 06-June 30]]

# Afternoon 1 PM Cooldown Meeting
- Trickling filter - waiting on [[Michael Gates\|Michael Gates]]
- Asphalting the road
- [[People/Kim Crawford\|Kim Crawford]]: 7 and 8 aeration basin stem is bent  - must be fixed so that it can operate without leaking - not sure how long it has been a problem
- Scum pump: impeller was destroyed, will be replaced
- Dewatering box that the scum pump pumps to - [[Daniel Montgomery\|Daniel Montgomery]] says it is working. Fill it up, let it drain, and then fill it to be vaccummed.
- Dewatering has not been running, because [[People/Sam Jenkins\|Sam Jenkins]] has a medical appointment today.
- Dewatering: How much polymer do we have? We can utilize the existing totes and then order fresh polymer.
- Secondary clarifier scum issue - Daniel will take the vac truck and try to rod out the scum trough area. Sweeps with lollipops will be put on the south side. The man hole needs to be sucked out so that it can skim.
- Sludge has been rising in the secondary clarifiers - [[People/Chris Luss\|Chris Luss]] thinks that USP peroxide might be causing the sludge to rise - [[People/Kim Crawford\|Kim Crawford]] confirms this based on the smell. [[People/Sammy Kohl\|Sammy Kohl]] was told on Friday to shut off the peroxide introduction at the [[Equipment/junction box\|junction box]], and the problem has resolved since the peroxide pumping was stopped.
- Gary Garrison's brother died and Pat's mother passed away as well.
- [ ] Software to control the air conditioning has a problem - we lost our license for automated control. Can I find an open source software to replace the licensed software? Or I can write something myself.
- Motion Industries will inspect our mag drive from raw sewage pump 1

# Supervisor Meeting
- Discussion with Don Hudgins - unity is the vision of the plant - hierarchy issues should be reduced. Separate Gary Young and Harvey Woodall. Harvey is responsible for the lagoon complex. Gary is responsible for the main plant.
- Hierarchy, as per Don, this morning:
	- Harvey Woodall
		- Rodney Williams
		- Kenneth Frost
		- Carlton Mull
	- Gary Young
		- Kim Crawford
		- Ronald Hood
		- Gary Garrison
- Don wants us to stop being reactive - use contractors to be reactive, and we are just doing PM's.
- Tomorrow there will be a big meeting with Don to set this in stone, at 8 o'clock tomorrow morning.
- There is concern that there will be a privatization movement for the South Plant.