---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/daily-activity-log/2025-06-june-05/","noteIcon":"","created":"2025-06-05T09:30:06.229-05:00"}
---

Date: [[-Daily Activity Log-/2025 06-June 05\|2025 06-June 05]]

# Python
[Python Constants: Improve Your Code's Maintainability – Real Python](https://realpython.com/python-constants/#handling-your-constants-in-a-real-world-project)

What about variables that have default values loaded from config but also can be altered after program startup, and can be persistent across a multiple page GUI? There needs to be a way for a object that holds these variables to be program-wide, and then for it to allow for alteration, either through async methods, getters and settes, or some other standard practice. 

# Ovation
iess example: M100FI.UNIT0@NET0
idcs example: M100FI

# pipeline
 refactor code like this 
```
 eds_api, headers_eds_maxson = get_eds_maxson_token_and_headers(config_obj)
```

to involve a config_manager

# USP Meeting
- Sammy Kohl
- Sammy and Michael will be taking more baseline data
- Will be firing up next Thursday
- Observe the first five days of start up
- Sammy wants to meet in person on next Wednesday around 9 AM
- Power and Water status: We should have power for you, and a hose will be run over these.
- What weight do we have to lift? Five thousand or six thousand pounds, so we can use the existing crane.
- John A. Kenney - there is a possibility we will have to lift the inner tank of the double wall tank. It needs to be situated in a particular way to get the accordion in there. Involves the crane.
- Follow Up question - Ferris (iron) - Chris has a local company in Millington that can supply the ferris. Requires TDEC compliance.
- Discuss program management fee.


[Dynaconf - 3.2.11](https://www.dynaconf.com/#install-from-pypi), for configuration files