---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/daily-activity-log/2025-07-july-01/","noteIcon":"","created":"2025-07-07T14:23:43.531-05:00"}
---

Date: [[-Daily Activity Log-/2025 07-July 01\|2025 07-July 01]]


# Monthly Staff meeting:
Discuss balance between maintenance manager responsibilities
# Project Manager package
## Initial Discourse
- Initial discourse: [[AI-generated/projectmanager-AI-wanderdownthegardenpath\|projectmanager-AI-wanderdownthegardenpath]]. Recorded on mobile via [StackEdit](https://stackedit.io/app#).
## Key aspects, overview:
- Leverage scaffolding, configuration, pypi, pipx, and cookiecutter to standup the projectmanger.py class and the projects/project/ structure for each project in a software
- common project directories: configs, exports, imports, code, secrets, scripts
- non-common: media, scripts, export and import sub directories

## Continued discourse:
- [[AI-generated/projectmanager-pipx-pypi-cookiecutter\|projectmanager-pipx-pypi-cookiecutter]]

# Cooldown Meeting:
1:10 PM 
- screw pumps
	- screw pump 1:
	- Discern why the rotating unit is higher than it needs to be
	- Kim: You can run it but it won't pick up the volume of water it is processing
	- Landmark is coming out to do the concrete - Harvey Woodall or Gary Young should call them
	- Screw pump 4: GMW has the bottom rotating units.
- Raw sewage pump
	- Harvey said that Motion is coming out at 8 am tomorrow to get the mag from raw sewage pump 1.
- Scum pump at secondary:
	- Daniel says they will continue to use the small vac truck to keep the level down
	- The big vac truck is currently out
	- Frost has the same company come to pick up his boxes.
	- Daniel says it is mostly sludge from the north unit, not debris.
- dewatering
	- Daniel says it is ready to operate on the 7-3 shift
	- The number 8 press has error codes on the HMI
		- all the data boxes are filled with the word "error"
		- Jack says typically indicates that the processor is crapped out or there is a corrupt program
		- Carlton Mull will be back tomorrow to look at it
		- Studio 5000 is the relevant troubleshooting program
		- We have an order with Shannon to buy programming computers for the presses 
	- Seven presses are currently running
	- Carl wants Dalvin and Ivory at dewatering tomorrow. Someone will need to work the lab in place of Dalvin.
	- We want to put in a full month of dewatering to achieve good capture rates - Don's goal.
	- Frost: asked for clarity on schedule: only 5 days a week, for one shift?
		- Chris: yes, for now, while we train, but eventually we will run 24/7.
- Reaeration blower
	- Gary Young is working with Lonestar on bearing issues.
	- Units 2 and 3 are operational
- Wasting
	- Daniel: MLSS has been down
	- We have all of our primary sludge pumps
	- 2A is not coming up. Why - Daniel will investigate. We expect the level to be rising. Check the values. Worst case scenario - it is puddling up somewhere.
- raw sewage pumps 1, 2, and 3
	- Hypothetical engineering firm meeting to design a new system (assess price and timeline)
	- Air conditioning issues
- Lagoon 1:
	- Stacey Bullard - how long before we can use it?
	- Chris: it will be a little while - we may want to consider diverting everything back to lagoon 1 soon
	- Daniel: going away from the current balance and converting to lagoon 1 can negatively impact our good numbers. Let us figure out the peroxide issue first with USP.
	- On BioRem, they're currently just running gas through, I.e., they can stop pushing gas through for a day or two, no trouble, if need be.
	- FY26 is here, now is the time to improve.
- FY26
	- Project costs for the coming year, in a foreman meeting
- Vehicles
	- Ivory: who will be doing the maintenance?
	- When will be order new vehicles?
	- We were invoiced for five trucked within FY25 with Russell Mull (currently on his desk) and  Russell Heaston (tags), but we are still waiting on delivery
- New employee
	- Terrell, mechanical operator