---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/daily-activity-log/2025-07-july-10/","noteIcon":"","created":"2025-07-10T02:40:33.234-05:00"}
---

Date: [[-Daily Activity Log-/2025 07-July 10\|2025 07-July 10]]

# Mulch
- How can i embed the template name in the name of the  mulch-scaffold.toml file, like mulch-scaffold.analysis-meeting.toml, and allow it to be found ?
# Windows features
[[Information Heap/Windows optional features log - 10 July 2025\|Windows optional features log - 10 July 2025]]

# Hach Lunch and Learn
## Intro
- BOD / COD / TOC
- [[People/Jeannie Radke\|Jeannie Radke]]
- Engineer: [[Lance __ Hach\|Lance __ Hach]]
## Talk: Lance
### BOD
- Biochemical oxygen demand
- BOD_5 : what does the 5 mean?
	- 5 days - how long it takes to run the test
	- What you were treating is already gone by the time you get your results.
	- It allegedly takes 5 day for water to run from London to the ocean via the Thames River.
- Infers what the micro organisms are up to
- Provides info about dissolved oxygen
- A true BOD test takes 28 days, to answer what the microorganism can really do, in terms of decomposing organic matter at a certain temperature.
### COD
- Chemical oxygen demand
- Chromic acid is used to chemically oxidize the organics
- How long does it take: 2.5 hours.

### TOC
- Total organic carbon
- Can be a bad pollutant to water
- TC = TIC + TOC = Total Inorganic Carbon + Total Organic Carbon
- The test takes 5.5 minutes
- Henry: Likely oxidizes more stuff than COD does.
- TOC is reported as carbon (12 electrons) while COD is reported as oxygen (32 electrons)
### SAC
- Spectral absorption coefficient
- The measurement of UV absorption in water treatment for Total Organic Carbon
- It gives you a number instantly.
- Proxy number. Can be interfered with.
### Correlations
- How many organic molecules are known: 70 million various organic combinations
- Methane is the simplest of organic compounds
- UV 254 does not recognize simple chain carbons like alcohol
### Product
- Hach BioTector 
- TOC Technology: Two Stage Advanced Oxidation (TSAO)
	- Cyclic: Runs, tests, self-cleans, ad infinitum
	- Every 5.5 minutes
	- B3500e:
		- 0-1000 ppm
		- +/- 60 ppb
		- Number of streams: 1
		- Application: wastewater effluent
### Video
- [[Equipment/Peristaltic hose pump\|Peristaltic hose pump]] to pump in acid for the TIC test
- TIC sparging with an inert gas
- CO_2 is measured with infrared technology
- [[Equipment/Peristaltic hose pump\|Peristaltic hose pump]] to pump in base and later acid for the TOC test
- Chemicals need to be refilled every 6 months
### More details
- Should be installed in an enclosure and protected by HVAC
### Evonik Should Buy One of These
- What they are currently reading is capped by their range.

- [ ] Meet with Hach tech [[Caleb\|Caleb]] on ***Monday July 14th*** to see the Calibration process
	- Time? 

### Next steps:
- How would we collect TOC data to prepare information for acquisition?
- We would need 3 month of data to provide enough - realistically it ought to be a year, to understand all conditions.
- We only need a TOC testing unit at our effluent for now.
- Ball park number of cost: $80,000-$120,000 list, sans enclosure.
	- Manufactured in Cork, Ireland
	- Not subject to tariffs
- Replace the ones at Maxson
- Have Evonik buy one as well - their machine is dosing too highly.
- Tammy Westbrook: Prepare data in order to effectively have discourse with [[Industry/Evonik\|Evonik]]
	- Study at Maxson
	- [ ] ***Fill out a project form***: [[Assignments/Project - Grab sample for COD in DR6000 to compare with readout of COD\|Project - Grab sample for COD in DR6000 to compare with readout of COD]]
	- TOC Daily Procedure data collection
	- Jeanie will send TNT's and method / procedure
	- 