---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/daily-activity-log/2026-01-january-21/","noteIcon":"","created":"2026-01-21T10:56:42.025-06:00"}
---

Date: [[-Daily Activity Log-/2026 01-January 21\|2026 01-January 21]]


[[Information Heap/Stantec - OPH exploration\|Stantec - OPH exploration]]

```
hi i need to change the nic ip on my computer to a static so that i can connect an ethernet cable to a zumlink radio so that i can run grassmarlin on it to see all connected devices
```

To set up a static IP for your NIC (Network Interface Card) to communicate with a ZumLink radio, you need to ensure your computer is on the same subnet as the radio's default management IP.

Most **ZumLink** radios ship with a default IP of **192.168.100.1**. To talk to it, your computer should be set to something like **192.168.100.50**.

### How to Set a Static IP (Windows 10/11)

1. Press the **Windows Key + R**, type `ncpa.cpl`, and hit **Enter**. This opens your Network Connections.
    
2. Right-click your **Ethernet** adapter and select **Properties**.
    
3. Select **Internet Protocol Version 4 (TCP/IPv4)** and click **Properties**.
    
4. Select **"Use the following IP address"** and enter:
    
    - **IP address:** `192.168.100.50`
        
    - **Subnet mask:** `255.255.255.0`
        
    - **Default gateway:** (Leave blank, or use `192.168.100.1`)
        
5. Click **OK** on both windows to save.
    

---

### Connecting to the ZumLink

- **Physical Connection:** Connect your Ethernet cable directly from your PC to the **ETH1** or **Management** port on the ZumLink.
    
- **Verification:** Open a Command Prompt and type `ping 192.168.100.1`. if you get a reply, you're connected.
    
- **Web UI:** Open a browser and navigate to `https://192.168.100.1`. The default credentials are usually `admin` / `admin`.
    

---

### Running GrassMarlin

Once you have connectivity, GrassMarlin will be able to "see" the traffic passing through that interface.

1. **Launch GrassMarlin** as an Administrator.
    
2. **Select the Interface:** Choose the Ethernet NIC you just configured.
    
3. **Passive Discovery:** Because GrassMarlin is a passive tool, it listens for broadcast and multicast traffic. If the ZumLink is acting as a gateway or bridge for other devices, you should start seeing nodes populate in the logical view.
    

> **Note:** If you aren't seeing traffic from devices _behind_ the radio, ensure the ZumLink is configured to allow management/SNMP traffic or that you are capturing on a port that sees the relevant data flow.

Would you like me to help you troubleshoot if the radio is on a different default IP range?
