---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/daily-activity-log/2026-04-april-23/","noteIcon":"","created":"2026-04-23T10:26:42.979-05:00"}
---

Date: [[-Daily Activity Log-/2026 04-April 23\|2026 04-April 23]]

Learn about and practice implementing:
- Ovation point grouping
	- Editing Ovation point grouping by exporting an .exp, editing it, then reimporting
	- KD field, characteristics, to group related points.


Software
- pipeline-eds
	- implement openapi based client
	- improve dworshak html with css from pipeline-eds
	- link Get-Credential call on windows systems using some microsfoting library
- pdflinkcheck
	- Generate separate downstream package, pdflinkcheck-mit, for dedicated MIT license  which does not include pymupdf. Note that devs should not edit or maintain pdflinkcheck-mit directly. Once this is accomplished, pdflinkcheck can be given an apgl license. 
	- The easy answer: change the current license to AGPL3+ now, work on the secondary package at leisure. Is there a downside to this? Each individal file in the pdflinkcheck source code is marked for MIT, so it is inferred that if a person rebuilt it without including pymupdf, it would not be subject to the AGPL - but this might not be true unless i can specificially say "changed versions mean you can detach the primary license." Hm.
	- to call the current repo mit is erroneous. All of the builds include pymupdf, with the caveat that users could buid from source and not include pymupdf.
	- Q: how might i autogen a secondary repo with a different pyproject.toml file but is other wise the same, with the explicit control that this repo should not be edited directly but it is downstream?
	- Q: or does each pypi package require a distinct repo? it could come from the same repo, different packages, the current custom license for pdflinkcheck, an mit license for the pdflinkcheck-mit pacakge and an agpl3+ license for pdflinkcheck-agpl3
	- A: single repo, multipackage
- freecad-maxson
	- Spend time drawing BioRem Manually
	- YML modelling
- gis-maxson
	- compile key qgis-related commands for conversion of arcgis shp files to dxf and geojson.
	- See if i can add junciton-node rules to the exitising geometry
	- How can the geojson and dxf models 
	- distinct lat and longitudes
	- sphercical coordinate translation to flat dxf can be improved
- ovation-point-mapping
	- ready to implement on an ovation drop for any given backup, to dramatically improve where-used. What links can be injected after the exp is parse, from other sources on the machine? What can be done to generate an Ovation graphic, or to link with system explorer. More point grouping please.
- ovation-exp-editor-to-imp
	- dank gui and cli would really sell it
	- Actually an excellent use case for a web app, on a local network, to call in the tool as an API, to relgate the processing to another drop without having to install across the entire dcs

Reading
- chapters 1 and 2 of metcalf's wastewater

Tasks
- Upload annual reports 2020 and 2021, to N drive and sharepoint, with AI analysis file included
- Copy useful geojson files as exports, add the N drive



https://geojson.io/
https://kepler.gl/
https://mapshaper.org/

[[Information Heap/geojson to ovation graphic src transpiler python project\|geojson to ovation graphic src transpiler python project]]

---

## Ovation point grouping
- eDB Point groups
	- outdated as of Ovation 3.5
- PDS  point groups
	- process diagram purposes
	- allow generic graphics to be created that do not hard code points but reference the group
- HSR point groups
- KD field, characteristics, to group related points.
[[Information Heap/Exploration of Ovation database\|Exploration of Ovation database]]