---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/daily-activity-log/2026-03-march-17/","noteIcon":"","created":"2026-03-17T09:22:51.487-05:00"}
---

Date: [[-Daily Activity Log-/2026 03-March 17\|2026 03-March 17]]

- [x] Excel -> PDF: Conclusion: it will be best if Don is able to bring me hi Figures and Tables and cover sections. There has been too much editing between the Excel version and Don's printed version to reproduce reasonably with fidelity. The word document can be converted to PDF but the  Excel file should not be converted directly but rather scanned.
- [x] Edit PDF's to remove pages and correct rotation (to be persistent), using PDF24
- [ ] Go to BioRem PLC and plug into Allen-Bradley USB port. Check out the SD card in the Allen-Bradley unit. Find a way to ping back from there to here. Take pictures, make a power point and PDF of my analysis.
	- Tools to Use for analysis on work laptop
		- ssh
		- tracert
		- Test-NetConnection -ComputerName [IP] -Port 44818
		- arp -a
- [ ] Read AI summaries for 2023 and 2024 Annual Reports
- [ ] Find all Ovation alarm points associated with [[Equipment/Re-Aeration Basin\|Re-Aeration Basin]], for [[People/Harvey Woodall\|Harvey Woodall]]
- [ ] Clarification: Chris Luss said to focus on just bearing temperature alarms for the Lonestar reaeration blower motors and bearings. Don't worry about the basins or the pumps.
	- [ ] Forward analysis: Find CDM as build for reaeration system and see if a list was included
		- [ ] Print pages 579-581 of CDM Smith final Maxson O&M
	- [ ] Backwards analysis: Look for alarms and control sheets in developer studio
		- [x] Look at alarms page itself and group
			- "RAS PUMP *" - XA4100, SI4100B, XA4200, SI4200B, XA4300, SI4300B, FIR4400 
			- "RAS REAER BASIN * DO" - AI50101, AI50102, AI50201, AI50202, AI50301, AI50302
			- "RAS REAER WEIR *" - HSSWG-1-B, HSSWG-1, HSSWG-3-B, HSSWG-3
			- "DO PROBE" - AIR-5010-1, AIR-5010-2, AIR-5020-1, AIR-5020-2, AIR-5030-1, AIR-5030-2
		- [x] Look for drops, key graphics, key control sheets, associated
			- Graphics: 6351.diag
			- IDCS Pattern: XA
			- Signal diagram: (This is the gold mine, look at Drop 6, control task 2) 
				- "BCMP ANALOG MAPPING" - 011A.svg
		- [ ] Check "export_eds_points_neo.txt"
			- These points are likely not relevant
			- IESS='RAS1.UNIT0@NET0', Drop 2
			- RAS2, RAS3, RAS4, RASAVGFFLOW
			- IESS='RASSUMT.UNIT0@NET0' ZD='Maxson' IDCS='RASSUMT' DESC='SUM OF N AND S CLAR UNDERFLOWS' AUX='DROP2
			- IESS='RSPCTN.UNIT0@NET0' ZD='Maxson' IDCS='RSPCTN' DESC='RAS FLOW PERCENT NORTH'
			- IESS='RSPCTS.UNIT0@NET0' ZD='Maxson' IDCS='RSPCTS' DESC='RAS FLOW PERCENT SOUTH' 
		- [x] Find Alarms discourse in ovation manuals: OVMAN60.pdf and OVREF1100.pdf
		- [[analysis/Point Analysis for Bearing Temps on Lonestar Reaeration Blowers\|Point Analysis for Bearing Temps on Lonestar Reaeration Blowers]]
		-



