---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/information-heap/2026-03-march-12/","noteIcon":"","created":"2026-03-12T09:13:01.485-05:00"}
---

Date: [[Information Heap/2026 03-March 12\|2026 03-March 12]]
Tomorrow: [[-Daily Activity Log-/2026 03-March 13\|2026 03-March 13]]

Look at [[Systems/BioRem\|BioRem]] drawings (PLC, P&ID), from the tool chest drawers . Try to find digital copies in the N drive, etc. Try to identify all IDCS points found on these drawings in a way that builds a correlation between the BioRem P&ID and the DCS IDCS values.

---

- Jack Matheney from Emerson has called from (251)510-4467
	- Drawing 23D0061 - The Emerson drawings for Maxson
		- Includes: Disinfection IPA building, blower control room, trickling filter
		- 6 pages
		- Evergreen Z3527, the contract/project R1025, subcontracted for CDM Smith, 7 July 2023
		- All connections to IO from old admin buildings. - this migration and recreating the drawings was not part of the Emerson scope. They can't tell us our end to end connections anymore.
		- Jack helped do the Evergreen upgrade and dealt with [[People/Gary Garrison\|Gary Garrison]]
	- Allen Bradley PLC 5: Where is PLC 5? 
	- Jack did a [[Information Heap/point review\|point review]] on the old system at Maxson
	- Jack found BR_AIT_6005_LEL_H!! On Drop 2
		- Switch ES1 and switch EDS2, looking as sheet 3A. Port 24.
		- Links Router 1x00474G12
		- Going out to Eaton power expert 600 in electrical building.
		- PLC 5 at the biorem has to have a connection to ES1 or ES2
		- [x] Go to the cabinet and the BioRem, get in the PLC, and try to ping 192.168.2.1, 2.51, 2.2, 2.52; assuming no conflicting IP addresses. If not, we have a connectivity problem.
		- Jack will be around all next week, but then will be on the road for eight weeks. Rush, prioritized. 